README.md, before:

# Development Environment Setup
## Editor
I use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

### Extensions
- [Vim](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscodevim.vim)
- [Python](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python)
- [Go](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.Go)
- [LaTeX Workshop](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=James-Yu.latex-workshop)

### Configurations
#### Key Bindings
- MacOS: Copy [keybindings-macos.json](vscode/keybindings-macos.json) to to the appropriate location.
- Ubuntu: Copy [keybindings-ubuntu.json](vscode/keybindings-ubuntu.json) to to the appropriate location.

#### Settings
Copy [settings.json](vscode/settings.json) to the appropriate locations.

## Terminal
For MacOS, I use [iTerm2](https://iterm2.com/).

## Shell - zsh
### Installation
I use zsh with [ohmyzsh](https://ohmyz.sh/). Follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki) to install both. I also use the [Powerlevel10k](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k) theme. Follow the instructions on its README to install. It comes with a nice installation wizard, so it should be quite simple.

Commit message:

Add instructions to install fonts manually

README.md, after:

# Development Environment Setup
## Editor
I use [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/).

### Extensions
- [Vim](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscodevim.vim)
- [Python](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.python)
- [Go](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.Go)
- [LaTeX Workshop](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=James-Yu.latex-workshop)

### Configurations
#### Key Bindings
- MacOS: Copy [keybindings-macos.json](vscode/keybindings-macos.json) to to the appropriate location.
- Ubuntu: Copy [keybindings-ubuntu.json](vscode/keybindings-ubuntu.json) to to the appropriate location.

#### Settings
Copy [settings.json](vscode/settings.json) to the appropriate locations.

## Terminal
For MacOS, I use [iTerm2](https://iterm2.com/).

## Shell - zsh
### Installation
I use zsh with [ohmyzsh](https://ohmyz.sh/). Follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki) to install both. I also use the [Powerlevel10k](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k) theme. Follow the instructions on its README to install. It comes with a nice installation wizard, so it should be quite simple. For Ubuntu, you do need to install the recommended fonts manually, and the instructions are [here](https://github.com/romkatv/powerlevel10k#manual-font-installation).
